Orbit how to enable BoLD (#2177)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/launch-orbit-chain/bold-adoption-for-orbit-chains.mdx

#### Increased censorship resistance for `L3` Orbit chains

Today, the force inclusion window is a fixed 24 hours. This force inclusion window exists to enable both users and validators to force-include their transactions and assertions on the parent chain, with a 24-hour delay, if the sequencer is offline or censoring transactions. Arbitrum BoLD's release will come with an optional _Censorship Timeout_ feature that can automatically reduce the force inclusion time window if the parent chain or sequencer is maliciously censoring user transactions/assertions or the Sequencer goes offline. This massively benefits Orbit `L3` chains (that settle to a BoLD-enabled parent chain) as it ensures the chain can advance with minimal UX degradation during periods of censorship. You can read more about how this feature works in the [gentle introduction to BoLD](/how-arbitrum-works/bold/gentle-introduction.mdx#q-how-do-bold-based-l3s-challenge-periods-operate-considering-the-worst-case-scenario).  

> By default, the Censorship Timeout feature is disabled because the details around how an Orbit chain is expected to respond to cases of unplanned censorship depend on a variety of factors, including the batch posting frequency of the chain and which parent chain(s) an Orbit chain settles to. For example, both the maximum delay buffer and the threshold itself should both be higher than your chain's batch posting frequency, otherwise the Censorship Timeout feature will not work as. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the Censorship Timeout feature is disabled because proper configuration depends on a variety of factors, including the batch posting frequency of the chain and which parent chain(s) an Orbit chain settles to. For example, both the maximum delay buffer and the threshold itself should both be higher than your chain's batch posting frequency, otherwise the Censorship Timeout feature will not work as. 
```
